arcate_aof checkpoint
christmas_house_coop checkpoint
de_centered_v1 checkpoint 
//de_prodigy_coop checkpoint
cs_downtown_coop checkpoint
inferno_new_v1 checkpoint
cs_italy_coop checkpoint
de_mirage_csco_pb4 checkpoint
jack_hammer_coopvfix checkpoint
de_aqueduct_d checkpoint
c2m2_fairgrounds_d checkpoint
de_vertigo_coop checkpoint
l4d2_bridge checkpoint
l4d_airport_terminal_b3 checkpoint
l4d_ga_b2_day checkpoint
ins_tosca_v1 checkpoint
l4d_mercy_hospital_b5 checkpoint
gauntlet checkpoint
cs_office_coop_b2 checkpoint
shrine_coop_v1 checkpoint
cs_agency_ins_b2 checkpoint
cobblestone checkpoint

